# Module `helpers.kld`

This module utlises Kullback–Leibler divergence for discrete probabilities to
implement resonance measures based on topic distributions for a given window
of documents

## Functions

` def KLD_N_enumerator(i, probs, Nw=2, Tw=2) `

    

Generate an enumerator of documents preceeding a given centre document
(indicated by argument i), this enumerator is used for measure the novelty of
centre document i in relation to prior documents (Nw)

## Args

**`i`** : `int`

    location of centre document
**`probs`** : `pandas.Series` or `list`

    a list of probabilitie distributions for documents in a chronological order
**`Nw`** : `int`, optional

    window size of prior documents. Defaults to 2.
**`Tw`** : `int`, optional

    ignored, window size of future documents. Defaults to 2.

` def KLD_T_enumerator(i, probs, Nw=2, Tw=2) `

    

Generate an enumerator of documents following a given centre document
(indicated by argument i), this enumerator is used for measure the transience
of centre document i in relation to following documents (Tw)

## Args

**`i`** : `int`

    location of centre document
**`probs`** : `pandas.Series` or `list`

    a list of probabilitie distributions for documents in a chronological order
**`Nw`** : `int`, optional

    ignored, window size of prior documents. Defaults to 2.
**`Tw`** : `int`, optional

    window size of future documents. Defaults to 2.

` def calcKLD(probs, Nw=100, Tw=100) `

    

retruns novelty, transience, resonance use as follows: novelty, transience,
resonance = hansard.calcKLD(speeches_df[500:510].probs, Nw=3, Tw=9)

details: Nw and Tw specify maximum window sizes, KLD returns zero of no topic
probabilities are in the list KLD will calculate N or T as long as there is
atleast one other document in the window for up to the size of the window

## Args

**`probs`** : `pd.Series` or `list`

    must be a list or pd.Series. documents' topic probabilities list, each item in the list is a list of topic probabilities
**`Nw`** : `int`, optional

    prior window size to calculate Novelty. Defaults to 100.
**`Tw`** : `int`, optional

    post window size to calculate transcience. Defaults to 100.

## Returns

tuple(list, list, list: novelty), transience, resonance scores

# Index

  * ### Super-module

    * `[helpers](index.html "helpers")`
  * ### Functions

    * `KLD_N_enumerator`
    * `KLD_T_enumerator`
    * `calcKLD`

Generated by [pdoc 0.9.1](https://pdoc3.github.io/pdoc).

