# Module `helpers.potus`

Text loading and parsing functions for the US Presidential Speeches corpus.

## Functions

` def getNgramsList(exp='') `

    

Load tokens (and bigrams) for the POTUS dataset, the list maintains the same
order of speeches as the speeches dataframe in the experiment folder

## Args

**`exp`** : `str`, optional

    name of experiment. Defaults to ''.

## Returns

`list`

    list of tokens for all speeches

` def getTopicsProbsDf(exp='', withCounts=True) `

    

Load list of topic probabilities for POTUS speeches, the list maintains the
same order of speeches as the speeches dataframe in the experiment folder

## Args

**`exp`** : `str`, optional

    name of experiment. Defaults to ''.
**`withCounts`** : `bool`, optional

    include count of tokens for each speech. Defaults to True.

## Returns

`pandas.DataFrame`

    data frame with a column for topic probabiilties, and optional column for token counts

` def gridExpResult(exp, scales=[25, 125], trim=0) `

    

Load and return experiment results including: source dataframe, experiment
settings, trained LDA model, associated BoW. This function does not perform
any calculations, it only returns results produced by running an experiment
pipeline

## Args

**`exp`** : `str`, optional

    name of experiment. Defaults to ''.
**`scales`** : `list`, optional

    KLD window sizes to be included in the results set. Defaults to [25, 125].
**`trim`** : `int`, optional

    number of speeches to trim from each end. Defaults to 0.

## Returns

`dict`

    df, settings, model, Bow

` def list_speeches(root_folder) `

    

Loads and returns a list of POTUS speeches, this functions knows how to parse
the folder structure of the POTUS dataset which is downloaded from
<http://www.thegrammarlab.com>

## Args

**`root_folder`** : `str`

    folder path for the POTUS data set

## Returns

`list`

    list of speeches, each item contains the details of a single speech

` def parse_file(file_name) `

    

Parse a POTUS file and return title, date and speech text

## Args

**`file_name`** : `string`

    full path to speech text file

## Returns

tuple (t,d,s): t: title of speech, d: date of speech, s: full text

` def rootFolder(exp='') `

    

Get root folder path for POTUS modeling experiments

## Args

**`exp`** : `str`, optional

    name of experiment. Defaults to ''.

## Returns

`str`

    full path for a given experiment

` def to_df(speeches_list) `

    

Converts a list of speeches to a dataframe after extracting speech title, date
and text

## Args

**`speeches_list`** : `list`

    list of speeches generated from calling the list_speeches() function

## Returns

`pandas.DataFrame`

    a dataframe of all speeches including text

# Index

  * ### Super-module

    * `[helpers](index.html "helpers")`
  * ### Functions

    * `getNgramsList`
    * `getTopicsProbsDf`
    * `gridExpResult`
    * `list_speeches`
    * `parse_file`
    * `rootFolder`
    * `to_df`

Generated by [pdoc 0.9.1](https://pdoc3.github.io/pdoc).

